on the streets of conun a simmering pot
of soup tells the story of compassion
and strength in
Gaza these friends are cooking the few
bags of lentils they have left for the
Palestinians displaced by War they know
what it feels to be hungry cold and
displaced the aim is to give something
to the displaced people who came from
the north they have suffered a lot of
pain and bitterness some of them haven't
eaten for four or 5 days so we wait for
them and give them cups of
lentils Alan Abu Sida was displaced from
his home and so were his friends all
volunteering at this time of
unprecedented needs there's no fuel so
they use paper and a few blocks of wood
as Kindle supplies are low even lentils
and salt are hard to come by but despite
the hard ships There's Hope and
happiness even in the smallest
things express how I feel when I see
people taking cups of lentils and
looking at me and wishing me all the
best and asking God to bless
me a car has no use when there's no fuel
so they use donkey carts to transport
cauldrons of lentils all the way to
Saline Road a road that tens of
thousands of Palestinians have taken
from the north of Gaza to the South
through Israeli
checkpoints for many it's their first
meal of a terrifying day and a small
Comfort after weeks
the situation is very difficult it's
tough and above any imagination it's
destruction nothing to eat and nothing
to drink no electricity and no flour in
Gaza and in the north there's no life at
all Gaza is the dignity Gaza is the
history Gaza is the civilization if you
want Gaza just stay firm for the sake of
Gaza a message from Gaza that despite
Israel's chilling war of starvation and
Siege the warmth of its people will
endure Imran Alan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer